Lists
-----

### Lists

#### Radarr

<section begin=radarr_settings_lists_lists />

Lists are a part of Radarr that allow you to follow a given list
creator. Let\'s say that you follow a given list creator on Trakt/TMDb
and really like their Marvel Cinematic Universe film section and want to
watch every movie on their list. You look in your Radarr and realize
that you don\'t have those movies. Well instead of searching one by one
and adding those items and then searching your indexers for those
movies. You can do this all at once with a List. The Lists can be set to
import all the movies on that curator\'s list as well as be set to
automatically assign a quality profile, automatically add, and
automatically monitor that movie.

CAUTION: If lists are done improperly they will absolutely wreck your
library with a bunch of trash you have no intention of watching. So make
sure of what you\'re importing before you click save. ie. physically
look at the list before you even go to Radarr.

-   Here you can select the `+` button to open a new pop up window
    -   From this new window you are presented with many different
        options to set up your list from many different list providers.
        As stated before be careful when doing lists. It is highly
        recommended to not select the `Search on add` button before
        you\'re absolutely sure the list you select/setup is adding the
        movies that you\'re looking for.
    -   Once you\'ve selected the list provider that you\'re looking to
        pull from (such as IMDb, IMDb, Trakt) You\'ll be presented with
        a new window.
        -   Most of the lists settings are fairly self explanatory, some
            lists require you to authenticate with the provider such as
            Trakt (requiring you to have an account with
            [Trakt.tv](https://trakt.tv)

<section end=radarr_settings_lists_lists />

#### Sonarr

<section begin=sonarr_settings_lists_lists />

Import lists are a part of Sonarr that allow you to follow a given list
creator. Let\'s say that you follow a given list creator on Trakt/TMDb
and really like their ArrowVerse Collection section and want to watch
every show on their list. You look in your Sonarr and realize that you
don\'t have those series. Well instead of searching one by one and
adding those items and then searching your indexers for those series.
You can do this all at once with a List. The Lists can be set to import
all the series on that curator\'s list as well as be set to
automatically assign a quality profile, automatically add, and
automatically monitor that series.

CAUTION: If lists are done improperly they will absolutely wreck your
library with a bunch of trash you have no intention of watching. So make
sure of what you\'re importing before you click save. ie. physically
look at the list before you even go to Sonarr.

-   Here you can select the `+` button to open a new pop up window
    -   From this new window you are presented with many different
        options to set up your list from many different list providers.
        As stated before be careful when doing lists. It is highly
        recommended to not select the `Search on add` button before
        you\'re absolutely sure the list you select/setup is adding the
        series that you\'re looking for.
    -   Once you\'ve selected the list provider that you\'re looking to
        pull from (such as IMDb, IMDb, Trakt) You\'ll be presented with
        a new window.
        -   Most of the lists settings are fairly self explanatory, some
            lists require you to authenticate with the provider such as
            Trakt (requiring you to have an account with
            [Trakt.tv](https://trakt.tv)

<section end=sonarr_settings_lists_lists />

#### Lidarr

<section begin=lidarr_settings_lists_lists />

Import Lists are a part of Lidarr that allow you to follow a given list
creator. Let\'s say that you follow a given list creator on Trakt/TMDb
and really like their R&B list section and want to listen every song on
their list. You look in your Lidarr and realize that you don\'t have
those artists. Well instead of searching one by one and adding those
items and then searching your indexers for those artists. You can do
this all at once with a List. The Lists can be set to import all the
artists on that curator\'s list as well as be set to automatically
assign a quality profile, automatically add, and automatically monitor
that artist.

CAUTION: If lists are done improperly they will absolutely wreck your
library with a bunch of trash you have no intention of listening to. So
make sure of what you\'re importing before you click save. ie.
physically look at the list before you even go to Lidarr.

-   Here you can select the `+` button to open a new pop up window
    -   From this new window you are presented with many different
        options to set up your list from many different list providers.
        As stated before be careful when doing lists. It is highly
        recommended to not select the `Search on add` button before
        you\'re absolutely sure the list you select/setup is adding the
        Artists that you\'re looking for.
    -   Once you\'ve selected the list provider that you\'re looking to
        pull from (such as Spotify or Last.fm) You\'ll be presented with
        a new window.
        -   Most of the lists settings are fairly self explanatory, some
            lists require you to authenticate with the provider such as
            Spotify (requiring you to have an account with
            [Spotify.com](https://spotify.com)

<section end=lidarr_settings_lists_lists />

#### Readarr

<section begin=readarr_settings_lists_lists />

Import Lists are a part of Readarr that allow you to follow a given list
creator. Let\'s say that you follow a given list creator on GoodReads
and really like their Horror book section and want to read every book on
their list. You look in your Readarr and realize that you don\'t have
those books. Well instead of searching one by one and adding those
authors and then searching your indexers for those books. You can do
this all at once with a List. The Lists can be set to import all the
books on that curator\'s list as well as be set to automatically assign
a quality profile, automatically add, and automatically monitor that
Author/Book.

CAUTION: If lists are done improperly they will absolutely wreck your
library with a bunch of trash you have no intention of watching. So make
sure of what you\'re importing before you click save. ie. physically
look at the list before you even go to Readarr.

-   Here you can select the `+` button to open a new pop up window
    -   From this new window you are presented with many different
        options to set up your list from many different list providers.
        As stated before be careful when doing lists. It is highly
        recommended to not select the `Search on add` button before
        you\'re absolutely sure the list you select/setup is adding the
        movies that you\'re looking for.
    -   Once you\'ve selected the list provider that you\'re looking to
        pull from (such as only GoodReads at this time) You\'ll be
        presented with a new window.
        -   Most of the lists settings are fairly self explanatory, some
            lists require you to authenticate with the provider such as
            Trakt (requiring you to have an account with
            [GoodReads.com](https://goodreads.com)

<section end=readarr_settings_lists_lists />

### Options (Radarr Only)

#### Radarr

<section begin=radarr_settings_lists_options />

From the Options setting you\'ll be presented with settings such as

-   List Update Interval - From here you\'ll be able to select how often
    you\'d like Radarr to scan for any updates to the lists that you\'re
    following
-   Clean Library Level - Movies in library will be removed or
    unmonitored if not in your list. This setting is so that if a movie
    is in your current library and you enable this. All movies other
    than this list will do what ever option is selected

<section end=radarr_settings_lists_options />

#### Sonarr

<section begin=sonarr_settings_lists_options />

Text

<section end=sonarr_settings_lists_options />

#### Lidarr

<section begin=lidarr_settings_lists_options />

Text

<section end=lidarr_settings_lists_options />

#### Readarr

<section begin=readarr_settings_lists_options />

Text

<section end=readarr_settings_lists_options />

### List Exlcusions

#### Radarr

<section begin=radarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

-   List Exclusion - This allows you to prune your list of movies you
    don\'t want to see again. An example of this is if your list just so
    happens to contain a movie that is in a foreign language and it is
    not likely for you to ever find this movie in your native language
    and do not want to watch it with subtitles. You can exclude a movie
    from being added in the future. However, in the list exclusion
    section you can add it back to the list so that when the list runs
    again it will be readded to your library.

<section end=radarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

#### Sonarr

<section begin=sonarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

-   Import List Exclusion - This allows you to prune your list of movies
    you don\'t want to see again. An example of this is if your list
    just so happens to contain a movie that is in a foreign language and
    it is not likely for you to ever find this movie in your native
    language and do not want to watch it with subtitles. You can exclude
    a movie from being added in the future. However, in the list
    exclusion section you can add it back to the list so that when the
    list runs again it will be readded to your library.

<section end=sonarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

#### Lidarr

<section begin=lidarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

-   Import List Exclusion - This allows you to prune your list of movies
    you don\'t want to see again. An example of this is if your list
    just so happens to contain a movie that is in a foreign language and
    it is not likely for you to ever find this movie in your native
    language and do not want to watch it with subtitles. You can exclude
    a movie from being added in the future. However, in the list
    exclusion section you can add it back to the list so that when the
    list runs again it will be readded to your library.

<section end=lidarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

#### Readarr

<section begin=readarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

-   Import List Exclusion - This allows you to prune your list of movies
    you don\'t want to see again. An example of this is if your list
    just so happens to contain a movie that is in a foreign language and
    it is not likely for you to ever find this movie in your native
    language and do not want to watch it with subtitles. You can exclude
    a movie from being added in the future. However, in the list
    exclusion section you can add it back to the list so that when the
    list runs again it will be readded to your library.

<section end=readarr_settings_lists_exclusions />

### Templates
